To keep the project looking clean I can remove having the track list on their and maybe just have a link that would show that information. Also something that would really nice that could work is sending someone to spotify or Youtube if they want to h ear the playlist of that music in order for them to get more familiar with the albumn.

As of right now im satisfied with the design and look for the albums page. Of course, I can always improve it later and add something else to make it even more fluid or make it pop somehow. I could look at some other designs and get some inspiration.

Now, I need to code my way to a better forum on the forum page. And programmatically it has to be improved as well. I haven't really dived deep into it in awhile but Im sure its not perfect as of yet.

For the design of the forum page I could do something different entirely, and just have it to where there would be a random topic that would generate and people could talk about that one thing. I mean, it doesn't sound too bad but what else would be pretty dope that someone would want to see from a fan page?
    There could be a way fom someone to comment on the art that has been added to the page too. That would be a thing.
    Lets probably run with this until I come up with a better solution. I like it because it does have some user engangement, and it s not like someone would come to the site just to talk about anything, even though they absolutely could. Having a prompt( the art work) would be a way to encourage that.

I was goign to have an image on the feedback page but on second thought, I think it would be better if I just centered everything and allowed anyone who wants to make a post, click the post button in order for them to add a message to the board. Of course, this is going to take some back - end work as well in order for the data to be saved but I can at least code the design behind what I want to accomplish in order for that to be set up properly
        Container
            Boards and post Button
                Topics / Replies/ and lost post
                    Messages which would dynamically update based on the user


The to-do list I did with Ed should be a great starting point to how I want the layout to be for my site.

